# BasicAdQueryFilters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**custom_fields** | **list[str]** | Advertisement custom field values used as filters. Is a comma-separated array, where each part consists in two parts: the internal name (or custom field id) of the field, and a value, both separated by : (colon).  For example, &#x60;customFields&#x3D;field1:value1,field2:value2&#x60;. Sometimes multiple values are accepted. In this case, the multiple values are separated by pipes. For example, customFields&#x3D;field1:valueA|valueB. Enumerated fields accept multiple values, while numeric and date fields also accept ranges, which are two values, pipe-separated. For example, &#x60;customFields&#x3D;tradeType:offer|search,extraDate:2000-01-01|2001-12-31&#x60; would match results whose custom field with internal name &#x60;tradeType&#x60; is either &#x60;offer&#x60; or &#x60;search&#x60;, and whose &#x60;extraDate&#x60; is between January 1, 2000 and December 31, 2001. To specify a single bound in ranges (like birth dates before December 31, 2001), use a pipe in one of the values, like &#x60;customFields&#x3D;extraDate:|2001-12-31&#x60;.  A note for dynamic custom fields: If a script is used to generate possible values for search, the list will be returned in the  corresponding data, and it is sent as a pipe-separated list of values (not labels). For example: &#x60;customFields&#x3D;dynamic:a|b|c&#x60;. However, it is also possible to perform a keywords-like (full-text) search using the dynamic value label. In this case a single value, prefixed by single quotes should be used. For example: &#x60;customFields&#x3D;dynamic:&#39;business&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**category** | **str** | Either id or internal name of a category | [optional] 
**currency** | **str** | Either id or internal name of a currency for the price | [optional] 
**price_range** | [**list[BigDecimal]**](BigDecimal.md) | The minumum / maximum price. Is expressed an array, with the lower bound as first element, and the upper bound as second element. When only one element, will have just the lower bound. To specify only the upper bound, prefix the value with a comma.  | [optional] 
**has_images** | **bool** | When set to &#x60;true&#x60; only advertisements with images are returned  | [optional] 
**publication_period** | **list[datetime]** | The minimum / maximum publication date. Is expressed an array, with the lower bound as first element, and the upper bound as second element. When only one element, will have just the lower bound. To specify only the upper bound, prefix the value with a comma.  | [optional] 
**expiration_period** | **list[datetime]** | The minimum / maximum expiration date. Is expressed an array, with the lower bound as first element, and the upper bound as second element. When only one element, will have just the lower bound. To specify only the upper bound, prefix the value with a comma.  | [optional] 
**kind** | [**AdKind**](AdKind.md) | The possible kinds of an advertisement Possible values are: * simple: A simple advertisement that can be viewed, but not directly bought * webshop: An advertisement that is part of an webshop. Can be bought, there is stock management, etc.  | [optional] 
**statuses** | [**list[AdStatusEnum]**](AdStatusEnum.md) | The possible status for an advertisement Possibles values for each array element are: * active: The advertisement is published and can be seen by other users. * disabled: The advertisement is disabled because the owner no longer has access to the currency of the advertisement. It cannot be seen by other users. * draft: In draft status, only the owner can see and edit the advertisement. This status is only possible if the system is configured to require authorizations. * expired: The advertisement publication period has already expired, and cannot be seen by other users. * hidden: The advertisement is manually hidden from other users * pending: The advertisement is pending for an authorization and cannot be seen by other users. This status is only possible if the system is configured to require authorizations. * scheduled: The advertisement has a future publication period, and cannot be seen by other users.   | [optional] 
**order_by** | [**AdOrderByEnum**](AdOrderByEnum.md) | Indicates how advertisements results are ordered. Possible values are: * date: Newest advertisements are returned first. * distance: Only useful when providing a location, will return nearer advertisements first. * priceAsc: Smaller prices are returned first. Advertisements without price are returned last. * priceDesc: Higher prices are returned first. Advertisements without price are returned last. * random: Without definite order * relevance: This is the default if keywords are used. Best matching advertisements come first.  | [optional] 
**address_result** | [**AdAddressResultEnum**](AdAddressResultEnum.md) | Determines which address is returned on the search, if any. By default no addresses are returned. This option is useful for displaying results as locations on a map. In all cases only located addresses (those that have the geographical coordinates set) are returned. When returning all addresses, data related with multiple addresses is returned multiple times. Possible values are: * all: All addresses are returned. * nearest: The nearest address from the reference location is returned. Only usable if a reference coordinate (&#x60;latitude&#x60; and &#x60;longitude&#x60;) * none: Addresses are not returned.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


