# Notification

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**_date** | **datetime** | The notification date | [optional] 
**related_user** | [**User**](User.md) | a user related to this message | [optional] 
**subject** | **str** | The notification subject | [optional] 
**message** | **str** | The notification message | [optional] 
**type** | [**NotificationTypeEnum**](NotificationTypeEnum.md) | The different notification types generated for for users / administrators. Possible values are: * adAuthorized: A notification generated if a notification created when an advertisement is authorized. * adExpired: A notification generated if a notification created when an advertisement expires. * adInterestNotification: A notification generated if a notification created by a new advertisement (Simple or Webshop). * adPendingAuthorization: A notification generated if an ad is pending by broker authorization. * adPendingByAdminAuthorization: An admin notification generated if an advertisement is pending for authorization. * adQuestionAnswered: A notification generated if a question answered to some AD (Simple or Webshop). * adQuestionCreated: A notification generated if a question created to some AD (Simple or Webshop). * adRejected: A notification generated if a notification created when an advertisement authorization is rejected. * allNonSmsPerformedPayments: A notification generated if a user performed a new payment through a channel that is not the SMS channel. * applicationError: An admin notification generated if an application error has occurred. * articleOutOfStock: A notification generated if a webshop product is out of stock. * authorizedPaymentCanceled: A notification generated if the authorization of a payment was canceled. This notification is to be sent to the payer. * authorizedPaymentDenied: A notification generated if a the authorization of a payment was denied. This notification is to be sent to the payer. * authorizedPaymentSucceeded: A notification generated if the authorization of a payment succeeded (the payment went successfully through its final authorization and is now processed). This notification is to be sent to the payer. * boughtVouchersAboutToExpire: A notification generated if a one or more bought vouchers are about to expire. * boughtVouchersExpirationDateChanged: A notification generated if a bought voucher has new expiration date. * boughtVouchersExpired: A notification generated if one or more bought vouchers have expired. * brokerAssigned: A notification generated if a broker has been assigned to a user. * brokerUnassigned: A notification generated if a broker has been unassigned from a user. * externalPaymentExpired: A notification generated if the external payment has reached the expiration date. * externalPaymentPerformedFailed: A notification generated if the performed external payment has failed processing. * externalPaymentReceivedFailed: A notification generated if the received external payment has failed processing. * externalUserPaymentExpired: An admin notification generated if an external payment has expired. * externalUserPaymentPerformedFailed: An admin notification generated if an external payment failed processing. * feedbackChanged: A notification generated if a transaction feedback was modified. * feedbackCreated: A notification generated if a transaction feedback was created. * feedbackExpirationReminder: A notification generated if a transaction feedback is about to expire. * feedbackOptional: A notification generated if a performed payment can have an optional feedback. * feedbackReplyCreated: A notification generated if a transaction feedback was replied. * feedbackRequired: A notification generated if a performed payment needs to be given a feedback. * generatedVouchersAboutToExpire: An admin notification generated if a voucher will expire in a few days. * generatedVouchersExpired: An admin notification generated if a voucher has expired. * incomingRecurringPaymentCanceled: A notification generated if a recurring payment to a user has been canceled (only if the recurring payment is shown to receiver). * incomingRecurringPaymentFailed: A notification generated if a recurring payment to a user has failed (only if the recurring payment is shown to receiver). * incomingRecurringPaymentReceived: A notification generated if a recurring payment to a user was received (only if the recurring payment is shown to receiver). * incomingScheduledPaymentCanceled: A notification generated if a scheduled payment to a user has been canceled (only if the scheduled payment is shown to receiver). * incomingScheduledPaymentFailed: A notification generated if a scheduled payment to a user has failed (only if the scheduled payment is shown to receiver). * incomingScheduledPaymentReceived: A notification generated if a scheduled payment to a user was received (only if the scheduled payment is shown to receiver). * limitChange: A notification generated if a limit (lower/upper) has changed on an account. * lowStockQuantity: A notification generated if a product with stock quantity under limit. * maxSmsPerMonthReached: A notification generated if the maximum number of SMS messages per month has been reached. * memberAssigned: A notification generated if an user has been assigned to a broker. * memberUnassigned: A notification generated if an user has been unassigned from a broker. * networkCreated: An admin notification generated if a network is created. * newToken: A notification generated if a token / card has been created. * newTokenPendingActivation: A notification generated if a token / card has been created, but needs to be activated before being used. * operatorAuthorizedPaymentApprovedStillPending: A notification generated if a payment performed by an operator with auhorization type &#x60;operator&#x60; was approved, but there is at least one authorization level. * operatorAuthorizedPaymentCanceled: A notification generated if a payment performed by an operator with authorization type &#x60;operator&#x60; was canceled. * operatorAuthorizedPaymentDenied: A notification generated if a payment performed by an operator with authorization type &#x60;operator&#x60; was denied. * operatorAuthorizedPaymentSucceeded: A notification generated if a payment performed by an operator with authorization type &#x60;operator&#x60; was approved and there was no further authorization. * operatorPaymentAwaitingAuthorization: A notification generated if a payment performed by an operator with authorization type &#x60;operator&#x60; is pending by authorization. * orderCanceledBuyer: A notification generated if a pending order has been canceled. * orderCanceledSeller: A notification generated if a pending order has been canceled. * orderCreated: A notification generated if a new web shop order created from a shopping cart checkout. * orderPaymentCanceledBuyer: A notification generated if an order payment was canceled by authorizer. * orderPaymentCanceledSeller: A notification generated if an order payment was canceled by authorizer. * orderPaymentDeniedBuyer: A notification generated if an order payment was denied by authorizer. * orderPaymentDeniedSeller: A notification generated if an order payment was denied by authorizer. * orderPendingAuthorizationBuyer: A notification generated if an order accepted by buyer/seller but the payment is pending for authorization. * orderPendingAuthorizationSeller: A notification generated if an order accepted by buyer/seller but the payment is pending for authorization. * orderPendingBuyer: A notification generated if an order pending buyer approval. * orderPendingDeliveryDataBuyer: A notification generated if an order buyer needs to fill in the delivery data. * orderPendingDeliveryDataSeller: A notification generated if an order seller needs to fill in the delivery data. * orderRealizedBuyer: A notification generated if an order accepted by buyer (sent to seller). * orderRealizedSeller: A notification generated if an order accepted by seller (sent to buyer). * orderRejectedByBuyer: A notification generated if an order rejected by buyer. * orderRejectedBySeller: A notification generated if an order rejected by seller. * passwordStatusChanged: A notification generated if a password status has changed. * paymentAwaitingAdminAuthorization: An admin notification generated if a payment is awaiting for authorization. * paymentAwaitingAuthorization: A notification generated if a user must authorize a pending payment. * paymentPerformed: An admin notification generated if a payment is performed. * paymentReceived: A notification generated if a user received a new payment. * paymentRequestCanceled: A notification generated if a payment request was canceled. * paymentRequestDenied: A notification generated if a payment request was denied. * paymentRequestExpirationDateChanged: A notification generated if the payment request&#39;s expiration date has changed. * paymentRequestExpired: A notification generated if a payment request has expired. * paymentRequestProcessed: A notification generated if a payment request was processed. * paymentRequestReceived: A notification generated if a payment request was received. * recurringPaymentFailed: A notification generated if a recurring payment from a user has failed (probably because of lack of funds). * recurringPaymentOccurrenceProcessed: A notification generated if an occurrence of an outgoing recurring payment was processed. * referenceChanged: A notification generated if a reference was modified. * referenceCreated: A notification generated if a reference has been set. * salePendingBuyer: A notification generated if a sale pending buyer approval. * saleRealizedBuyer: A notification generated if a sale accepted by buyer (sent to seller). * saleRejectedSeller: A notification generated if a sale rejected by seller. * scheduledPaymentFailed: A notification generated if a scheduled payment from a user has failed (probably because of lack of funds). * scheduledPaymentInstallmentProcessed: A notification generated if a scheduled payment to a user has been processed. * scheduledPaymentRequestFailed: A notification generated if a payment request which was scheduled has failed processing (probably because of lack of funds), and is being reopened. * smsPerformedPayment: A notification generated if a user performed a new payment through SMS. * systemAlert: An admin notification generated if a system alert as occurred. * ticketWebhookFailed: A notification generated if the invocation of a webhook after (a successful) ticket approval has failed. * tokenStatusChanged: A notification generated if a token / card status has changed. * userAlert: An admin notification generated if a member alert as occurred. * userImport: An admin notification generated if a user import has been done. * userRegistration: An admin notification generated if a new user has been registered. * userStatusChanged: A notification generated if a user status has changed. * voucherBuyingAboutToExpire: An admin notification generated if a voucher type allowing buy is about to expire.  | [optional] 
**entity_type** | [**NotificationEntityTypeEnum**](NotificationEntityTypeEnum.md) | The type of the entity referenced by the notification, if any. Possible values are: * adQuestion: The entity is an advertisement question * errorLog: The entity is an error log * feedback: The entity is a transaction feedback * installment: The entity is a scheduled payment installment * marketplace: The entity is a &#x60;simple&#x60; or &#x60;webshop&#x60; advertisement  * network: The entity is a network * occurrence: The entity is a failed occurrence of a recurring payment * order: The entity is an order * passwordType: The entity is a password type * reference: The entity is an user reference * systemAlert: The entity is a system alert * token: The entity is a token (user identification) * transaction: The entity is a transaction * transfer: The entity is a transfer * user: The entity is an user * userAlert: The entity is an user alert * userImportedFile: The entity is an user imported file * voucher: The entity is a voucher * voucherType: The entity is a voucher type  | [optional] 
**read** | **bool** | Indicates whether the notification was marked as already read or not | [optional] 
**location** | **str** | (Deprecated) The standard location to which the notification points to | [optional] 
**entity_id** | **str** | The identifier of the entity referenced by the notification, if any. The &#x60;entityType&#x60; and &#x60;entityId&#x60; attributes are both not null or both null in case there is a referenced entity.   | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


