# TransferView

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**parent** | [**Transfer**](Transfer.md) | Reference to the parent transfer that generated this one, if any  | [optional] 
**children** | [**list[Transfer]**](Transfer.md) | Reference to the transfers generated by this one, if any  | [optional] 
**charged_back_by** | [**Transfer**](Transfer.md) | Reference to the transfer that has charged back this transfer. Only returned if this transfer has been charged back.  | [optional] 
**chargeback_of** | [**Transfer**](Transfer.md) | Reference to the transfer that this transfer has charged back. Only returned if this transfer is a chargeback.  | [optional] 
**transaction** | [**TransactionView**](TransactionView.md) | If this balance transfer was originated from a transaction (like a payment or scheduled payment), contains the reference to this transaction. Only returned if this &#x60;TransferView&#x60; is not already in a &#x60;TransactionView&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**a_rate** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | The balance aging counter | [optional] 
**d_rate** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | The balance maturity | [optional] 
**status_flows** | [**list[TransferStatusFlowForTransferView]**](TransferStatusFlowForTransferView.md) | List with each status this transfer has, with additional information, such as the flow and the log  | [optional] 
**can_chargeback** | **bool** | Can the authenticated user chargeback this transfer?  | [optional] 
**operations** | [**list[Operation]**](Operation.md) | The list of custom operations the logged user can run over this transfer  | [optional] 
**confirmation_password_input** | [**PasswordInput**](PasswordInput.md) | If a confirmation password is used, contains the definitions on how to request that password from the user. This confirmation password is required when performing sensible actions. Sometimes this is dynamic, for example, the confirmation might be configured to be used only once per session, or operations like payments may have a limit per day to be without confirmation (pinless).  | [optional] 
**users_which_can_add_to_contacts** | [**TransactionSubjectsEnum**](TransactionSubjectsEnum.md) | Reference to none, one of (from or to) or both subjects of a transaction (or transfer)  Possible values are: * both: Reference to both from and to subjects of the transaction * from: Reference to the transaction from * none: Reference to none of the transaction subjects * to: Reference to the transaction to  | [optional] 
**users_which_can_view_profile** | [**TransactionSubjectsEnum**](TransactionSubjectsEnum.md) | Reference to none, one of (from or to) or both subjects of a transaction (or transfer)  Possible values are: * both: Reference to both from and to subjects of the transaction * from: Reference to the transaction from * none: Reference to none of the transaction subjects * to: Reference to the transaction to  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


