# TransactionResult

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**kind** | [**TransactionKind**](TransactionKind.md) | The transaction kind. For example, if the front end has distinct views for a regular payment, scheduled payment and so on, this information is useful to determine the actual view. Possible values are: * chargeback: Chargeback of a given transfer * externalPayment: A payment to an external user * import: An imported transaction * order: Transaction generated by confirming an order * payment: A direct payment * paymentRequest: A request for another user to accept a payment  * recurringPayment: A payment which is processed again periodically * scheduledPayment: A scheduled payment which is either a payment scheduled for a future date or has multiple installments * ticket: A payment whose the payer is unknown  | [optional] 
**transaction_number** | **str** | The transaction number identifying this balance transfer. The currency configuration has the definition on whether transaction numbers are enabled and which format they have.  | [optional] 
**_date** | **datetime** | The transfer date and time | [optional] 
**amount** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | The transfer amount. May be positive or negative. | [optional] 
**related_kind** | [**AccountKind**](AccountKind.md) | The related account owner kind | [optional] 
**related_user** | [**User**](User.md) | The user that either performed or received this transaction. Is only returned if &#x60;relatedKind&#x60; is &#x60;user&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**type** | [**TransferType**](TransferType.md) | The transaction type | [optional] 
**currency** | **str** | Either internal name or id of the transaction currency.  | [optional] 
**authorization_status** | [**TransactionAuthorizationStatusEnum**](TransactionAuthorizationStatusEnum.md) | The status regarding authorization a transaction is in. If configured, transactions can require one or more levels of authorization in order to be processed. If a transaction has the this status null, it means it never went through the authorization process.  Possible values are: * authorized: The transaction was fully authorized and is processed * canceled: The authorization submission was canceled by the submitter * denied: The authorization was denied * pending: The transaction is pending authorization  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The transaction description. Is optional. | [optional] 
**installment_count** | **int** | The total number of installments. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;scheduledPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**processed_installments** | **int** | The number of processed installments. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;scheduledPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**scheduled_payment_status** | [**ScheduledPaymentStatusEnum**](ScheduledPaymentStatusEnum.md) | The scheduled payment status. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;scheduledPayment&#x60;. Possible values are: * blocked: The scheduled payment is blocked - won&#39;t have any installment processed until being unblocked again * canceled: The scheduled payment, as well as all open installments were canceled * closed: The scheduled payment is closed * open: The scheduled payment has open installments  | [optional] 
**first_installment** | [**ScheduledPaymentInstallment**](ScheduledPaymentInstallment.md) | A reference to the first installment of this scheduled payment. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;scheduledPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**first_open_installment** | [**ScheduledPaymentInstallment**](ScheduledPaymentInstallment.md) | A reference to the first installment which is still open. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;scheduledPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**next_occurrence_date** | **datetime** | When the next recurring payment occurrence will be processed. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;recurringPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**recurring_payment_status** | [**RecurringPaymentStatusEnum**](RecurringPaymentStatusEnum.md) | The recurring payment status. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;recurringPayment&#x60;. Possible values are: * canceled: The recurring payment was manually canceled * closed: The recurring payment is closed, as the last scheduled occurrence was processed * open: The recurring payment is open, as there are more future occurrences  | [optional] 
**payment_request_status** | [**PaymentRequestStatusEnum**](PaymentRequestStatusEnum.md) | The ticket status. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;ticket&#x60;. Possible values are: * canceled: The payment request was canceled * denied: The payment request was denied by the receiver * expired: The payment request has expired - the received did not respond until the expiration date * open: The payment request is open and can be accepted * processed: The payment request was processed, and either a direct or scheduled payment was created from it * scheduled: The payment request has been accepted, and scheduled for processing on a future date  | [optional] 
**ticket_status** | [**TicketStatusEnum**](TicketStatusEnum.md) | The ticket status. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;ticket&#x60;. Possible values are: * approved: The ticket was approved by the payer and is waiting to be processed by the receiver to generate the payment * canceled: The ticket was canceled by the receiver before being approved * expired: The ticket has expired without being approved by a payer or canceled by the receiver until the expiration date * open: The ticket was created, but not approved yet * processed: The ticket was approved and processed and the payment was generated  | [optional] 
**to_principal_type** | [**EntityReference**](EntityReference.md) | The principal type an external payment was sent to. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;externalPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**to_principal_value** | **str** | The principal to which an external payment was sent to. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;externalPayment&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**external_payment_status** | [**ExternalPaymentStatusEnum**](ExternalPaymentStatusEnum.md) | The external payment status. Only returned if &#x60;kind&#x60; is &#x60;externalPayment&#x60;. Possible values are: * canceled: The external payment was canceled * expired: The external payment has expired without the destination user activation * failed: The external payment has failed processing * pending: The external payment is pending, awaiting the destination user to be activated in Cyclos * processed: The external payment was processed, and the destination payment was created  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


