# Transaction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**display** | **str** | The descriptive text for this transaction, according to the transaction type and currency configuration in Cyclos   | [optional] 
**transaction_number** | **str** | The transaction number identifying this balance transfer. The currency configuration has the definition on whether transaction numbers are enabled and which format they have.  | [optional] 
**kind** | [**TransactionKind**](TransactionKind.md) | The transaction kind. For example, if the front end has distinct views for a regular payment, scheduled payment and so on, this information is useful to determine the actual view. Possible values are: * chargeback: Chargeback of a given transfer * externalPayment: A payment to an external user * import: An imported transaction * order: Transaction generated by confirming an order * payment: A direct payment * paymentRequest: A request for another user to accept a payment  * recurringPayment: A payment which is processed again periodically * scheduledPayment: A scheduled payment which is either a payment scheduled for a future date or has multiple installments * ticket: A payment whose the payer is unknown  | [optional] 
**ticket_number** | **str** | A 32-length alphanumeric ticket identifier. Only returned if kind  is &#x60;ticket&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**_date** | **datetime** | The transfer date and time | [optional] 
**amount** | [**BigDecimal**](BigDecimal.md) | The transfer amount. May be positive or negative. | [optional] 
**from_kind** | [**AccountKind**](AccountKind.md) | The from account kind | [optional] 
**from_user** | [**User**](User.md) | The user that performed this transaction. Is only returned if &#x60;fromKind&#x60; is &#x60;user&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**to_kind** | [**AccountKind**](AccountKind.md) | The to account kind | [optional] 
**to_user** | [**User**](User.md) | The user that performed this transaction. Is only returned if &#x60;toKind&#x60; is &#x60;user&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**type** | [**TransferType**](TransferType.md) | The transaction type | [optional] 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) | The transaction currency. Is only returned if this object is not embedded in a &#x60;TransferView&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**authorization_status** | [**TransactionAuthorizationStatusEnum**](TransactionAuthorizationStatusEnum.md) | The status regarding authorization a transaction is in. If configured, transactions can require one or more levels of authorization in order to be processed. If a transaction has the this status null, it means it never went through the authorization process.  Possible values are: * authorized: The transaction was fully authorized and is processed * canceled: The authorization submission was canceled by the submitter * denied: The authorization was denied * pending: The transaction is pending authorization  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The transaction description. Is optional. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


